this is a little intro we recorded at
the last minute after we wrapped up this
thirty minute discussion of these issues
because it really seemed to both of us
that there was there was an important
question underlying a lot of what we
said but we never really made it
explicit enough and the question is this
are you hurting people or are you
helping them through flattery and maybe
one of the most fundamental
misconceptions in our culture is that
flattery is helpful rather than harmful
so we've spent a lot of time on
airplanes and we watched a movie
together on the airplane a couple months
ago and otherwise we wouldn't watch this
movie it's a film called the disaster
artist and it's a film about a film it
relates to an earlier film that was
called the room you guys don't need to
know the background story but one of the
crucial elements is that there is a
mentally disabled guy who was struggling
to become an actor in Hollywood and a
lot of people were saying to him you'll
never make it you can never do this this
isn't for you now he also wasn't
conventionally good-looking I mean
peculiar as everyone says in the film
everyone told him he could play a
vampire where he could play a monster
but he couldn't be a kind of handsome
lead which is what he wanted to be you
want to be a romantic leading man and
his mental disability was caused by a
car accident caused by brain damage from
impact or injury so it wasn't that he
was born mentally disabled so the film
is interesting in many other ways I'm
not going to talk about that here but
what Melissa asked me at the u.s. dies
we were getting off the plane you said
you know I want I want to know your your
honest opinion on this but is it really
a good thing for everyone else in this
man's life to be enabling him if you
have a mentally disabled person is it
really good is it helpful or harmful for
all these other people to be telling you
telling them you're good enough you're
smart enough you can do it you know and
it's already built into the question
that really the answer is no so it seems
like virtue it seems kind and it seems
helpful to tell someone
but like even if it's like simple
someone who's bad at math telling them
oh no honey you're good at math in your
own way you can do this well if you keep
encouraging them and flattering them and
then they actually spend fifty thousand
dollars going to college trying to get a
degree in math we're trying to get a
degree in theoretical physics and
they're not really good at math or you
are you helping them or harming them
obviously this is this is something
harmful even if it's presented as as
flattery um so I mean something else is
in the fullness of this videos thirty
minute video Melissa talks about the
fact that she really grew up with people
telling her that she was mature for her
age and I mean maybe this helped build
up her self-confidence but in some ways
as we discussed here it was really a
false self confidence and she had a kind
of crushing realization at a certain
point that she really wasn't mature for
age this was just something people had
flattered her about over and over again
so in this video we talk about ugliness
we talk about real ugliness like being
born you know seriously hideously
deformed we're ugliness is a real fact
your daily life we talk about the
relative relations of publicly perceived
beauty and plainness and ugliness we
talk about you know the whole range here
but I think one thing we didn't say
explicitly enough really comes down to
the morality of the lie the morality of
deception and encouraging others in
their self-deception through flattery I
do not see it as morally positive to
tell someone you can be a runway model
you can be a fashion model you can be a
beauty icon when really they can't when
really that's not the type of beauty
they have now again the example about to
go into I would not even tell everyone
you have what it takes to learn Chinese
I know better than most
some people have what it takes and some
people don't I would not tell everyone
you have what it takes to learn
Cambodian or you have it what it takes
to learn poly I wouldn't even tell
everyone you have what it takes to study
Shakespeare you know with English being
a person I don't I think I think there's
something really meaningful about
being honest in telling people this is
what it takes have you got what it takes
whether it's tangible physical beauty or
strength or athleticism or
self-discipline whether it's any of
these characteristics but yeah for the
next thirty minutes ladies and gentlemen
I hope you take something meaningful
from what for us was a meaningful
discussion about physical beauty
ugliness and ultimately about the lies
we tell ourselves the lies we tell
others it's hard to be honest about the
advantages and disadvantages were born
with in life now I was with my
girlfriend for about a year and a half
before I said to her you know I think
you are actually talented at learning
Chinese I think you actually have a
combination of characteristics part of
which just has to do with memorization
accuracy and speaking kind of diligence
in written note taking a bunch of things
that I'd seen over year and a half and I
said look I've sat next to and worked
with a whole bunch of different white
people while they were learning Chinese
some some Hispanics and some black
people but humbly there's no point you
know saying anything else here and you
know I do really think you have a lot of
advantages over other Westerners when
they when they started learning Chinese
when they went through this process I
think this is something you can be not
just mediocre at or scraped by up but be
great at right now by the same token
there must be other people I would say
the opposite to right it must be there's
no way this is the problem the the
response Nina and Randa made to my
criticism was how dare you call any
person ugly everyone is beautiful and to
say any one person not not that they're
ugly fundamentally but that they are too
ugly to be a model they're too ugly to
be paid to be beautiful in an
advertisement for soap or fashion like
that's weird I am bitter you know if
it's an advertisement for a candy bar
you know whatever I'm not sometimes
they're playing
or even ugly people in advertising it
happens um it doesn't make sense
intellectually physically or otherwise
and I mean I think a lot of us I mean
within our own families or within our
own circle of friends whether you do it
gently or harshly there's a process of
trying to say you know look you're never
gonna be you know you're never gonna be
an actor you know this is not the past
path for you or look you know I mean
even with music right you know people
and they're okay as a musician their
ability to play the guitar the ability
this thing is is okay but I mean you can
spin it one or two ways you can say look
either you're never gonna make it you
don't have what it takes but you might
also say look if you do make it it's
just luck because you don't have what it
takes I mean you know if you're if
you're fundamentally too ugly to be a
model but you're born rich and your
parents have connections and you keep
going to auditions in LA
right right right and sooner sooner or
later you manage to get a little bit of
work well well okay but the point would
still stand where you don't really have
this talent you don't really you don't
really have what it takes yeah so look I
mean okay we we can talk primarily or
entirely about the physical side of it
you know my girlfriend was just saying I
mean look I I think there really is a
difference between biologically real
ugliness and the the fashions and trends
that come and go in our society or our
culture you know I saw a debate on
British television so you know England
England Scotland and Wales they have a
somewhat different healthcare system
from Canada the United States and there
was a surgeon there who was advocating
for in blunt language people who were
ugly beyond a certain threshold should
be able to get plastic surgery for free
on their faces and I remember during the
interview they put up a photograph of
one of his one of his clients and he
said well look you know how can you
justify this you know what this person
got a nose job but their original nose
is not that bad it's not like they have
two noses
and I remember the the plastic surgeon
said back some people have two noses you
know he was he was kind of dead serious
on that you know I think that's I think
that's really true I mean there are some
people who are born really deformed or
three Oh medical conditions real
problems and I mean if that's your child
or that's your brother if that's your
friend in school being honest with them
about what this life means that how to
get ahead and what-have-you yeah that's
that's one thing now I mean okay so
there are many many steps and stages
removed from that there are people who
grow up or or as fully grown as adults
the fully grown adults feel um I'm not
beautiful in the same way as these
people are magazine covers
you know this I'm not as beautiful as
what's currently celebrated in hip-hop
videos if what you listen to is hip-hop
or whatever is going on in country music
or whatever whatever whatever genre or
something you know but look so modes
well you know what's your approach that
it's unwell or live with embarrassment
yeah so I will say an anecdote I will
tell an anecdote I just recently took a
certification course to get certified to
teach English as a second language right
and in this there was an exercise she
was given the teacher who was doing the
program you know she was giving an
example of what you might share in class
as a listening exercise exercise and it
was listening to this song you're
beautiful by James Blunt right and in
preparation for this before she even
played the song she asked the question
to the class like okay so split up into
groups and talk with amongst yourselves
what does it mean to be beautiful what
does Beauty mean to you and once we
gathered as a whole class and shared our
answers it became clear to me that I
think people are really uncomfortable
talking about beauty in a physical sense
or just matters of skin deep a lot of
people were trying to focus on inner
beauty yeah and I really was wondering
because I had a friend who was
originally from China shows so she's
from Shanghai and I know
just discussions about beauty there
they're more blunt over there yep in
China they they really focus on physical
beauty and they're honest with you if
you're not beautiful or like you know
you've said you've had professors who
will who will say you know I can tell
you've gained weight since I saw you or
something you know they're very um and
it's not it's not necessarily being rude
and it's not necessarily just to make
the other person feel bad so anyway I
was wondering what what she was going to
say but I think she's she's had so much
experience with Western culture that she
was able to say like oh well we just
focused on inner beauty you know we
talked about being a nice person being a
kind giving loving person rather than
talking about physical beauty and I
thought it was funny I was the only
person in class like the person that I
was talking with kind of laughed at me
like she just burst out laughing because
I went the first thing I said when we
split up into groups was uh not being
deformed cracks up and I think like part
of humor is what is not okay to say in
everyday life and like I wonder when
that happened because you know I grew up
in a very recently that's obvious but
everywhere concealed yeah right exactly
yeah that's that's so true um but yeah I
grew up in a politically correct culture
and I you know I I think I was at the
start of this oppression Olympics that
is going on and I know I political
pundits they say that Millennials are so
I pretty hypersensitive that they can't
take criticism and yeah you know as we
walk around I've seen spray-painted
signs like everyone is beautiful they're
like you are beautiful right you know
and it's become so meaningless if
everybody is beautiful what does it mean
and anything this is something I think
most people struggle with most people
will think about in terms of physical
beauty it's something that you're
insecure about because well so I mean
there's several kind of false
dichotomies are false distinctions here
but I mean one is the assumption that if
we switch from talking about
real beauty to inner beauty that we're
going from something judgemental to
something non-judgmental
like something that's more inclusive no
so I mean okay so if we if we agree not
everyone has outer beauty does everyone
have inner beauty if we agree not
everyone likes to be judged for their
outer beauty isn't it more hurtful
doesn't it sting more when you're being
judged and your inner beauty because
guess what
some people are ugly inside and out and
some people say so I mean what's the
point we just move on to a kind of
deeper form of judgment or credit you
know you share too much dirty laundry
but I mean like I before I have been
with you I have not had somebody like I
really appreciate donna ste from you and
i know you've said this in other videos
that like you know other I really
appreciate that you tell me if I'm being
a [ __ ] basically because like or if I'm
not being a good partner because it's
really important to be loving and
respectful and treat the other person
with dignity and it's so strange to me
how the the closest people in your life
the people will never tell you yeah they
won't tell you that you know you're
being a [ __ ] like you need I just put
in a quick example here this is not an
offensive example at all but we were in
a hotel in Detroit and we were walking
up the stairs past the check-in desk and
Melissa spoke to the front desk without
thinking about it I mean she didn't mean
it in a mean way but I pointed out to
Melissa I said you know like if you were
in England you'd be absolutely scorned
that was really rude that was really
contemptuous and dismissed at the way
you talked to the front desk and I know
Melissa like I can interpret her
intention behind her words and stuff I
can tell if she didn't mean to be but I
mean that was really sorry in terms of
like talking about you know what it you
know being a [ __ ] or having a point out
to you or something so and that was you
know that was uh and again I mean at the
moment you were kind of momentarily
upset by it but you did kind of like
yeah you know what taking the five
seconds
to actually make eye contact with the
hotel staff and say hey sorry you know I
have a question you know what just that
that little bit of lead-in and not just
shouting across the room
you want the hotel staff to do that's so
I just say you know that's that is the
kind of thing we're talking about here
yeah go ahead
even inner beauty like even like being a
loving person I think that we are in
this generation we are quick to call
somebody beautiful on the inside too
even if they're not right like people
might say that about sorry the topic of
Congress you know that is bringing about
this conversation is Nina and Randa you
know like I think they get a lot of
positive comment of feedback and sorry I
mean I don't I don't need to talk about
it in general but like you and me I've
you I've had instances where you know I
have had beliefs about myself that have
been totally thrown into question you
know like when I was growing up I was
told by people around me that I was
mature for my age that I was just had
some you know some level of wisdom that
was better than you know because I think
I think I was always more like no more
but you know I was somewhat responsible
for myself you know like I didn't over I
didn't binge drink and you pass out on
the floor or something you know like I
took care of myself
and in this way I tended to think of
myself as mature but then like you know
in a series of what has happened in our
relationship I mean like we've we've
been through a lot of stuff and it's
mostly because of me and you know you
told me like you know we'll see you've
told me that you're mature for your age
but but you're really not and that that
really that really like stung well I'm
stung more than hearing anything about
like oh you're not curvy you know
because it's true like I can recognize
it now and I'm comfortable like I mean I
I you know trying to build muscle to be
fit more fitting like healthy and
healthy-looking but you know I wasn't
born with large breasts I wasn't born
with the genetics that predispose me for
that and that's it's fine it's cool I
mean some people like it some people
must think Nina and Rand are attractive
you know um and it's okay for you to
voice that you know it's okay for you to
voice that you don't find attractive in
the same way it's okay to voice that you
do you know if other people do that's
fine you that's a matter of
well I mean look you know exactly these
things whether it's inner beauty or
outer beauty it's funny how much it
changes when we move past this totally
vague abstract compliment to anything
particular so like if you say everyone
is beautiful
not everyone has large breasts and this
is a separate discourse but we've had a
bunch of videos who watch things respond
to you dealing with this is part most
because of kal-el kal-el has a bunch of
health problems and they may or may not
be related to her breast implants and
her numerous plastic surgeries
kal-el wanted to look like somebody
biologically she could never be she
wanted to have large breasts my
impression is she wanted to look like a
Playboy model
I remember her getting really upset when
she made a visit to the Playboy Mansion
that's why I mentioned Playboy's I
hadn't seen that many of her videos I
remember seeing a video where she
visited the Playboy Mansion how much
that meant to her that she wants to look
like a Playboy bunny and she can she
never will you know now obviously kal-el
has a lot of advantages over like 98% of
humanity and she was good-looking enough
to get by in this life again coming back
to that that interview with the plastic
surgeon some people have two noses I
mean some people have really deformed
faces and I think it's an interesting
question should the taxpayer you know
should public health provide free
corrective surgery to people with
certain kinds of deformities even when
they're just aesthetic and what kind of
impact that can have on someone's life
because I've known people no not my
close friends but I have known people
with genuinely deformed faces and and
genuine deformed bodies but my point was
with kal-el ultimately you've got to
come back to saying recreational surgery
has really high risks and it's in almost
all circumstances it's wrong and we saw
some YouTube videos dealing with the the
horrifying health effects that again
maybe twenty of twenty percent of people
get with with presidents it's not that a
hundred percent of people have this
reaction but having breast implants it's
a foreign object inside your body and
your immune system reacts to it there
are all these there are all these
problems you know built into it so you
know you want to say everyone is
beautiful well not everyone has large
breasts and of course that's not the
only criterion of beauty but if you
think
women aren't hung up about having large
breasts what about men and large penises
versus small penises because there are
some female beauty icons who have small
breasts there are some female porn stars
who have small breasts so right my point
is there somewhere large or somewhere
small but even in pornography let alone
runway models for fashion or something
or actresses at any given time there are
plenty of actresses with more
flat-chested or have small breasts right
there are no male porn stars with small
penises
there is no there's no positive
association with with that and of course
men do get surgery to have to have a
bigger penis you know yeah I mean you
know sir but there's no you know there
are many different female body types
that are considered beautiful but for
straight men I think there's a little
bit more actually you know with with
with gay men there's a little bit more
diversity but for straight men nobody
wants to be weak nobody wants to be
small nobody wants to be short and even
when they become famous for the reasons
I've never heard of dude say he wants to
look like Prince Prince the performing
artist r.i.p i mean it you know everyone
wants to look like dmx nobody nobody
wants to look like Takashi 6-9 I just
started to view about their these are
two different rappers but Takashi 6:9 is
small and weak he's maybe five foot
seven he looks like he could never win
in a fist fight and DMX is that dude
everyone's afraid to have a fist fight
with that's I'm so it's it's very unfair
and you know sir I said this I can't
remember this was years you're less than
citizens Channel but like I'm not on an
ego trip would I go to the gym most days
not every day I may be the weakest guy
in the gym
I'm bench pressing 220 pounds or
whatever I'm doing that particular day
and there were guys there lifting 400
pounds that's you know depends on what
GM you go to depends on what it is I'm
not you know I'm not deluded I'm not out
of touch I'm gonna tell you the reality
is that's I mean that's physically the
contract is issue about I mean these
compliments people give you it's
interesting that really impacted you I
don't think that type of a flattery
impacted me growing up kind of a
different question
but it's real easy to say to somebody
you're mature for your age and I think
you kind of skipped over what the real
reasons would be you got a job you
started she started having normal jobs
early
you got a straight job you kind of wear
normal-looking clothes you know you
don't know I mean you're not dressing in
a teenage rebel style you're not
dressing punk rock you're not dressing
emo you're not dressing hip-hop you're
kind of dressing in a professional way
you have a job you have an income you're
living and ostensibly and outwardly
responsible life now beneath the surface
actually during that period of your life
there were a lot of things wrong but
that's not what adults I'm saying so but
again it's the same thing like if we're
going to talk about inner beauty well if
some people are mature for their age for
one thing that's got to have advantages
and disadvantages and not everybody can
be mature for the range right I mean so
some people are immature for the range
so some people are living a lie or
whatever me know and what what is that
what does that mean
so yeah that's but I think in terms of
your self-image that was one of the
biggest turning points you had in the
last let's say two years to round off I
remember that the first time we talked
about that that really had a huge impact
you we had several conversations about
it but you were 25 at the time and I
said look you know Melissa I can
remember what it was like to be 25 and
of course at the University and even
within okay-y even within vegan activism
you know I know a lot of people 24 25
years old is this kind of age and I said
you know I know you pride yourself in
this and now you say you're mature for
your age
but you're not like oh you well now and
someone lets you know let's talk about
what it's we what would someone be like
they're mature right at 24 talk about
yeah yeah that was those kind of a real
real interesting turning point yeah yeah
but look you know what's you look so I'm
I'm in love with Melissa you know I
think we're building a good life and a
good future together I was gonna make a
separate video with this in this point
on this this issue but you know for me
like the first whole year we were
together the main priority of my life
was building this relationship and I
studied way less Chinese I really
basically stopped studying Chinese I was
still living in China speaking Chinese
every day and I was teaching class
writing Chinese on the board and
speaking Chinese to the students so I
was getting practice but I basically
stopped studying for the whole year
and now we're talking about getting
serious about working on Chinese
together kind of semi serious at the
moment that was that was a big big
priority for me but I never lied to you
about or you know like your your
boyfriend you risk before me I think he
told you all the time you were basically
the most beautiful woman in the world
and whatever you know I mean there's
nothing wrong with that I mean but it's
funny I mean people who grow up whether
they grow up with it just from their own
family or from their boyfriends or
husbands or men who are in love with
them being told that you're so beautiful
and you're the apogee of beauty as
opposed to being with someone like me
who's realistic with you who says look I
love you and I love you for various
reasons and various redeeming qualities
you have you know no I mean you know you
I remember I mean look you know you are
not the most beautiful woman I've met
you're not the most beautiful woman
who's hit on me or offered have sex with
me and sometime I mean times living in
Asia it's may not be even this month
there's something maybe a lot of women
trying to get at me and that I'm turning
down and I'm refusing you know this this
is the reality of my life there are
other women both face to face in real
life hitting on me there at that time
when you when I first got together by
email or by facebook you know there were
really good-looking women trying to get
at me you know and then then it stops
because you know but me but have you
seen what is the morally positive value
of a lie is what that's starting to
start a community I just want to say I
really don't like the infiltration of
inner beauty with beautiful beauty there
because when you say that like when I
win it you know when I first heard
things like this or when you you know
you would talk about other women who are
beautiful right you know I like I had
this real complex like because of that
like because I had been with somebody
who was real possessive and was like you
know you are mine you are the most
beautiful we're perfect for it you know
that was how my prior relationship was
and you are more like honest about it
you were like you know people
and like you know it's not necessarily
like what is sorry yeah I mean I was
just kind of kind of diverged into
something else but you know I was
thinking about I was thinking about how
standards of beauty have changed you
know it's now not like maybe in the past
it was it was the most beautiful thing
in the world to be white and thin you
know kind of look lightening and render
or something but now now the standards
of beauty are like Kim Kardashian like
the ethnically ambiguous the wilting
English Rose look like what can I change
about myself to be like the perfect girl
for you like what what's your like right
how can I be but like for you you know
because like I really just wanted to
impress you or like you know like and I
think but look this isn't K oh all right
oder beauty in many ways you can't
change right I'm ready
look and again kal-el I think is a
tragic case of this Cal she had more
than nine plastic surgeries she had one
in her nose one in her chin and then her
breast but like there was this long list
most of them are on her face but
Buster's she looked good enough to get
through this baby but again that's part
of being realistic she didn't have
someone I have to say that they're like
look kid you're never gonna be in
Playboy magazine or if you are it's not
gonna be for good reasons it's not gonna
be for these reasons but you know but
you're good enough to get you liked
though beat that was look you know you
can't really change your appearance you
can't change your gender top of whatever
maybe they're a [ __ ] can't change your
ethnicity can't change your age right
I'm 40 years old I'm not in denial about
that either you know there are a lot of
things you can't change but then again
the contrast to inner beauty you know
just not normal I talked about it well
can you can you change that
you know or to what extent you know okay
so come up you know in the the actual
critiques I didn't mean I mean I mostly
talked about intellectual work which you
can change that can change quick you can
start reading history and politics you
can you can change right you can start
leaving a more meaningful life
intellectually right but a message so I
think you've changed a lot to give an
example of inner beauty when I got with
Melissa she was unbelievably jealous
jealousy was like one of her main
driving motive forces and you know I
don't know that's changed I mean that's
you know I I think it's almost
completely disappeared and that's 95
percent is it's a big change in your
character you know I don't know yep so
much healthier for everybody yeah right
you know it yeah nobody okay so another
another change them again with this may
or may not relate to inner beauty
Melissa had never really spent any time
with with little kids before Melissa got
with me she immediately started being
like a second mom to my daughter and you
know my daughter really got emotion
attached to her very quickly and you
know so she starts being a parent to my
my daughter and you you also started
teaching students in China or young kids
and stuff you developed this kind of
mother and said now again these things
is it inner is it inner beauty or not no
I mean you know what look I mean if one
thing is inner beauty than the other
isn't
if being mothering and nurturing and
down-to-earth is beautiful as inner
beauty then it's not inner beauty to be
a fastidious [ __ ] jealous cold and
distant towards children kind of person
right may all these are judgments right
and you know it's funny but I mean that
the inner beauty thing in some ways it's
even more inflexible than than outer
beauty you know so you know all right
with your daughter and I really I really
found a lot of value in teaching
children and actually everything that
experienced I think it really had
changed my perspective on life what's
important and - well you can see those
issues already with with kids but if
you're teaching ten year old kids or
something you can see some of them are
some of them are beautiful and some of
them are really born with big
disadvantages that way in terms of
physical development or their facial
structure you can see some of them have
are going to their whole lives have a
different you know across the barre I
don't think we can make that easier or
better by being you know dishonest about
it so this is actually covered in
Aristotle by the way Aristotle's
politics never got back to doing it but
it is interesting that Aristotle talks
about the fact that being handsome or
being beautiful is this huge advantage
in life but that it shouldn't be
considered in apportioning or your
political rights and responsibilities
well he's ultimately what I'm interested
in here not so much the apportioning of
your YouTube success but I remember back
at the very start of my youtube channel
when people were really influenced by
very shallow lifestyle on bikini
vloggers that was the heyday of freelee
and durianrider um I can remember saying
to people you know never forget like
look at the guys who really good look at
the amazing atheist look at TJ Kirk but
look a lot of the most successful people
here on YouTube long-term are really
ugly
TJ Kirk pretty much identifies as ugly
pretty much self describes as ugly you
know and they've you know why because
they made their opinion matter in some
other way they you know they're
providing some kind of content or
service or discussion again in of
politics or whatever it is whatever the
example is you want that's not based on
their appearance alone so yeah I mean
you know there are ways in which your
appearance is gonna be a burden to bear
your whole life and can't change and I
mean they obviously they're limited ways
in which it can change and you know I
mean in terms the inner beauty thing I
don't know I mean I know a lot of people
have personality defects they can't
change and they may struggle with them
or I mean III don't think anyone who
watch this channel really knows me that
well but you know I mean you know I
there are things I can own up to it
there's only this video too long it's
like look this is this is a problem with
me and it's not gonna change or whatever
you know and so you know what you know
that's what's you know what what is the
value we can place on inner beauty and
would that would that really make
anything better if people were on
Instagram judging each other for whether
or not they're a good mother whether or
not they're a loving parent or whether
or not they're jell whether or not
they're jealous or kind by nature I
nobody's ever given me a shred of
respect because the humanitarian work I
did and I don't ask for it I don't
expect it you know but I mean you can
look at things in that context too but
what matters you know what about my my
academic background my deluxe treatments
or the just caring the fact that I care
about First Nations people when their
genocide enough that I actually went to
their First Nations University and
enrolled in those languages and you know
the humanitarian work I tried to do
whether it's in Canada or in Cambodia or
something no well yep that is true that
is true though that's true when she
first was interesting but like nobody
including Nina Aranda is judging me on
that basis right Nina and Randa and
happy healthy vegan they judge me for
being old and ugly and for daring to you
know so I mean I'm just saying terms the
judgment yeah yeah yeah yeah an old and
ugly weirdo so you know I and you can
tell I'm cool with it you've put up with
it and you've responded in ways you know
you did up a video where you were
weeping on screen you know about the
case sure yeah yeah well what I was
weeping about what I was what I was
weaving about was whether I get to see
my daughter again cuz how this would
impact my divorce and it did impact my
divorce top for another video still
trying to make something positive happen
people still drive listens
yeah you start to have a conversation
with yes yes even on the Nina rent issue
right yeah conversations with people and
they bring up this this stuff and they
don't treat you with respect they don't
treat you would think maybe they just
treat you as like a punching bag I think
like because they see that you you are
so confident and I was just gonna say
camera too you know of all the bullying
of dealt with um actually a really
interesting contrast would be bullying
within veganism versus bullying within
Buddhism and even bullying within
Judaism and I just say that actually
comes back to this issue that inner
beauty and intangible you know property
security it's actually much worse being
void on that there is nothing like being
ethnically Jewish and having other Jews
tell you that you're a bad Jew the
judgment of your soul within a religion
that way and you know it would be a
little bit different in different forms
of Christianity or you know because of
the Judaism it really is about you
living up to the ethnic identity it's
not about just following the Ten
Commandments or something it's really
not they have an idea of what it means
to be a good Jew or to be a real Jew to
be a to be a Jewish man and if you're
not living up to that you're being
judged so you say that's a little bit
different than Protestantism but some
people may have experiences like that
also and within Buddhism it was so nasty
and so horrible and their idea of what
it is to be a beautiful person you know
they'll let you know and if you don't
live up to that if you don't live up to
their notion you know they're gonna tell
you you're ugly on the inside and you're
gonna be judged you know based on this
kind of awful awful stuff these kinds of
standards you could never live up to and
like you know my position in Buddhism
absurdly was I was a poly scholar so I
could read the Bible the Bible of that
religion and nobody else could and
you're surrounded by people who want to
denigrate you and humiliate you and
insult you because they're compensating
for their own insecurities that they
worship a religion they've never really
studied the Bible up they don't really
know the philosophical they know I have
a kind of power because I know the flaws
no that's really nasty and by contrast
I mean durianrider insulting me by
saying that I'm on steroids you know oh
yes look at what I'm able to achieve at
age 40 while sitting at my desk studying
books all day mm you know insulting me
saying that I'm steroids saying that I'm
fat and whatever no I mean that's that's
really a joke to me that's that's really
that's really pretty shallow so yeah you
know I think I think there is that kind
of discourse about what it means to be a
good vegan and what it means to be a
good man what it means to be a good
person there is the shifting from the
outer beauty to inner beauty discourse
but it's it's maybe even worse and maybe
even nastier we're past 30 minutes so
I'm gonna I'm gonna wrap it up there bed
okay
guys if you want to talk hit me up on
patreon
[Music]